release: v1.58.1 (#6362)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_renee_max_evaluated_plans_rs.md

> ### fix: propagate evaluated plans limit and paths limit to the native query planner ([PR #6316](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6316))
> 
> Two experimental query planning complexity limiting options now work with the native query planner:
> - `supergraph.query_planning.experimental_plans_limit`
> - `supergraph.query_planning.experimental_paths_limit`
> 
> By [@goto-bus-stop](https://github.com/goto-bus-stop) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6316

Author: ```suggestion
### Native query planner now receives both "plan" and "path" limits configuration ([PR #6316](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6316))

The native query planner now correctly sets two experimental configuration options for limiting query planning complexity.  These were previously available in the configuration and observed by the legacy planner, but were not being passed to the new native planner until now:

- `supergraph.query_planning.experimental_plans_limit`
- `supergraph.query_planning.experimental_paths_limit`

By [@goto-bus-stop](https://github.com/goto-bus-stop) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6316
```
